What is a primary key?
A key that can accept duplicate values,A unique identifier for a record,A key used for foreign keys,None of the above
A unique identifier for a record
What does SQL stand for?
Structured Query Language,Stylish Question Language,Structured Question Language,None of the above
Structured Query Language
What is a foreign key?
A key that is unique across all tables,A key that points to a primary key in another table,A key that cannot accept null values,None of the above
A key that points to a primary key in another table
Which command is used to delete a table in SQL?
DROP TABLE,DELETE TABLE,REMOVE TABLE,TRUNCATE TABLE
DROP TABLE
Which of the following is a database model?
Relational Model,Hierarchical Model,Network Model,All of the above
All of the above
What is normalization?
Process of organizing data,Process of storing data,Process of deleting data,Process of retrieving data
Process of organizing data
What is a join in SQL?
Combining rows from two or more tables,Creating a new table,Deleting a record,None of the above
Combining rows from two or more tables
What is a view in SQL?
A virtual table based on a SQL query,An actual table in the database,A command to retrieve data,None of the above
A virtual table based on a SQL query
Which SQL statement is used to retrieve data from a database?
SELECT,GET,RETRIEVE,SHOW
SELECT
What does the acronym ACID stand for in databases?
Atomicity_Consistency_Isolation_Durability,Accuracy_Consistency_Isolation_Durability,Atomicity_Completeness_Isolation_Durability,None of the above
Atomicity_Consistency_Isolation_Durability
What is a stored procedure?
A set of SQL statements stored in the database,A method for optimizing queries,A data storage method,None of the above
A set of SQL statements stored in the database
What is indexing?
A way to speed up retrieval of rows,A method for organizing tables,A process of deleting data,None of the above
A way to speed up retrieval of rows
What is the purpose of a transaction?
To group a set of operations,To retrieve data,To delete data,None of the above
To group a set of operations
Which of the following is not a type of JOIN?
INNER JOIN,OUTER JOIN,CROSS JOIN,DIAMOND JOIN
DIAMOND JOIN
What is the command to update data in SQL?
MODIFY,UPDATE,CHANGE,SET
UPDATE
What is a database schema?
The structure of a database,A command to create a database,A method for deleting data,None of the above
The structure of a database
What is the purpose of the GROUP BY clause?
To group rows that have the same values in specified columns,To filter records,To sort records,None of the above
To group rows that have the same values in specified columns
What is the default sorting order of the ORDER BY clause?
Ascending,Descending,Random,None of the above
Ascending